it's going to be fun though we're
seniors
Roland is ready to graduate I am so
ready to graduate all right i am too
ready to graduate
no I hate everybody no no I cannot wait
to get up out of here high school is
just dead it's dumb I'm over it no I
won't miss anybody let me so sad when we
graduate I know I'm gonna miss everybody
no I know no it's gonna be so sad I
can't wait for college I'm so tired of
talking about college yes aren't you
ready to graduate I'm so ready to
graduate this school is gonna be so lame
after our class ladies I know she a
freshman I hate freshmen all the
senioritis is catching up with me I need
to be doing my homework right now Oh
notification see your ideas yes I do
have it no it's real no I have
senioritis so bad no but have such bad
senioritis I told her senior cuts now
she's a freshman yeah I do hate freshmen
without singing you're supposed to be
easy this is not easy I have senioritis
no that is a senior privilege you know
how long we've been in high school
seniors I can all wait to go to college
aha those 57 yes don't you hate when
people ask you what college are going to
you like I don't know yeah my parents
want me to apply there I don't want to
go there and then she asked me what
college I was 12
no did you Father who want anything I
get in there who got in oh yeah I'm fine
college I can't stand sophomores either
well June I can tolerate juniors
whatever i'm going to college soon
anyway senior prom is gonna be so fun no
I don't have a date yet no I don't have
a dress yet no so it still gonna be fun
we're senior I know but she's a freshman
I hate freshmen we were freshmen we did
not act like that did we really act like
that when we were freshmen seniors she's
not a senior haha i'm a senior college
gonna be so fun